DEFY CS:GO SERVER RULES
GENERAL RULES
1. Alt Accounts
      Using an alt account on our servers is prohibited. One account per player. If you are caught using an alt account you will be permanently banned on all your accounts.
      Punishment(s): 1. Perma Ban

2. Spamming
    Repeatedly using any means of communication that disturbs game play. Typing any line of text that is similar 3 times or more in chat. Playing music, soundboards, ear rape, spamming a game sound, spamming binds, door spam, etc.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Mute/Gag 15 min(game sound spam = kick)  2. Ban

3. Command Abuse
    Using any command improperly. Knowingly using !call for an invalid reason. Using !freekill when you know you were killed for a valid reason.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn 2. Ban

4. Trolling/Harassing
    Acting in a manner which disrupts a game or a player’s experience.
    Targeting a player or players, usually in order to get a reaction from them. Making fun of someone's speech, race, religion, age, etc.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Mute/gag 15 min 2. Ban

5. Discrimination
      Using any discriminatory slurs, hate symbols, etc.
      Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Mute/Gag 15 minutes or Kick 2. Ban

6. Mini-Modding
    Telling admins to take any sort of action on another player. Leave it to our staff team to enforce the rules on players. Reporting a player or telling an admin you were freekilled/rdm is fine. Telling an admin to slay a player for freekill. Constantly telling players rules or telling them to read the rules.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Mute/Gag 15 minutes 2. Mute/gag/silence 60 minutes
    Arguing about a particular rule with a player, staff, or an interpretation of a rule will be considered mini-modding. If you have a disagreement about a rule then make a forum post.

7. Avoiding Punishment
    Knowingly leaving the server to avoid a punishment from an admin. Randomly killing a player then leaving the server. Changing your name to communicate to players while muted/gagged.
    Punishment(s): 1. Ban

8. Ghosting
    Providing or receiving information that would give an unfair advantage. Using steam chat, discord, or any other third party chat to give an alive player information while you are dead is forbidden.
    Punishment(s): 1. Ban (2 weeks min)
    When playing TTT if you die in game, it usually cuts out your mic before you can say who the traitor is but if you use voice activity on discord then players will hear who you called out when they should not have known this information. The player who provided the information and the player who used the information will be banned.

9. Common Courtesy
    If someone asks you a reasonable request to stop then stop. If you are using a racial slur and someone says to stop then stop.
    Punishment(s): 1. Verbal Warning 2. Ban

10. Exploiting
    Using any game exploit that gives an unfair advantage or interferes with the game mechanics/server in some way. Going to an area of the map that is not intended to be reachable. Using macros is considered exploiting.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2. Ban

11. Delaying
    Doing anything (intentionally) that would make the wait time for dead players longer. Staying in an area for longer than 45 seconds is delaying. Camping, going afk, not actively completing your role.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2.  Slay(s)
    A guard who stays in an area to watch a prisoner is not camping.

12. Voice Changer
    Using any software to alter your voice. Intentionally talking with a different pitch to annoy players will also be considered using a voice changer.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Mute 15 min 2. Ban

13. Impersonation
      Pretending to be someone with a certain position within the community. Using an admin's name in-game or claiming you are staff.
      Punishment(s): 1. Warn 2. Ban

14. Name Violations
    Using a name that violates one or more of the following:
        Name that entirely compromised of non English characters
        Name that could be considered offensive, racist, etc.
        Name meant to give false implications of admin power.
        Using a similar name as another player in order to confuse others.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Rename 2. Ban

15. Loopholes
    Using a loophole in the wording of a rule to avoid punishment. Example: Camping in a corner for 30 seconds instead of 45 seconds.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Kick 2.  Kick or Ban

16. Farming
      Farming of any in-game credits or points. Using scripts or macros to avoid the afk detection system.
      Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Credits/items reset 2. Credits/items reset + Ban

17. Hacking
    Using any third party software that gives you an unfair advantage. 
    Punishment(s): 1. Perma ban

18. DDOS Threat(s)
      Threatening to DDOS. Saying something like "I'm going to ddos the server."
      Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Ban(1 month) 2. Perma Ban

JAILBREAK RULES

1. Freekill
    Killing a prisoner without a valid reason. Killing 3 or more prisoners or consistently freekilling is considered Mass Freekill and will result in a CT BAN. 
    Punishment(s): 1. Slay(s) 2. CT Ban(Mass Freekill)

2. Guard Violation
    Guards must leave the armory within 1 minute of round start and may not re enter unless they know a prisoner is inside.
    Not assisting the warden with controlling the prison. Unless it is a freeday.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay/Swap 2. CT Ban(4hr)

3. LR Violation
    Rules set by the prisoner must be followed unless the rule conflicts with another rule in LR Violation then the LR Violation rule overrides it.
    The guard and prisoner must have an equal chance of winning. For example, in games like mag4mag, whoever is randomly chosen to go first goes first. The prisoner cannot tell a guard to empty the gun so they can start.
    The prisoner must specify that they do not have extra rules if they don’t. Do not start an !lr and instantly kill the other player. (This rule does not apply to games like Russian Roulette.)
    No healing is implied unless the prisoner allows it.
    If you lose you must take the loss and be killed. Do not run away or try to kill the winner.
    Guards may not interfere with any active lr.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2. Ban

4. Swap Violation
    Rejoining a team you were swapped off of. (Example: If an admin swaps you off guard and you rejoin guard next round.)
    Intentionally joining ct and becoming warden after you have been muted is considered a swap violation.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + CT Ban(2hr) 2. CT Ban(4hr)

5. Vent Violation
    Enter or damage a vent in anyway, unless you know a prisoner is inside or it is a Hide and Seek day.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay/Swap 2. CT Ban(4hr)

6. Taser Violation
    Using your taser without a valid reason will be considered a taser violation.
        The following are valid reasons to taze:
            The prisoner wins a game and must wait for the others to finish.
            They are within knifing distance to any guard or warden (does not apply on special events or last requests).
            Remove contraband such as guns, grenades, etc.
            They are the last non rebelling prisoner and you are the last guard alive.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2. CT Ban(4hr)

7. Friendly Fire Violation
    Friendly fire may only be enabled for boxing/knife fights and only with 5 prisoners or less. Have the prisoners separate before enabling friendly fire.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2. CT Ban(4hr)

8. Baiting
    Intentionally going within knifing distance of a prisoner.
    Entering a prisoner designated area.
    When can you kill a baiting guard?
        Prisoner(s) may attempt to kill any guard that goes inside a prisoner designated area.
        Prisoner(s) may knife while lining up shoulder to shoulder however you cannot move WASD. 

If you move WASD while lined up to knife a guard that is not baiting the guard may kill you. Guard may not kill you though if you didn’t move WASD but you knifed them.
If you are following a guard and you knife them they may shoot back and kill you if they did not intentionally go within knifing distance.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2. CT Ban(4hr)

9. Terrorist Mute
    Muting prisoners for invalid reasons or long periods of time without a valid reason.
Muting someone because you do not like them is not allowed.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Kick 2. CT ban(4hr)

10. Gun Planting
    Giving any prisoner a gun without wardens approval unless it is a toy gun (no ammo).
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2. CT Ban(4hr)

11. Shooting into a stack
    Spraying into a stack of prisoners. You may only fire into a stack if you have a clear shot aimed at a particular prisoner in the stack.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2. CT Ban(4hr)

12. Interfering
    Interfering with wardens orders as a guard, for example intentionally talking over, shooting randomly, opening cells before orders are given, etc.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay/Swap 2. CT Ban(4hr)

13. Special Treatment
    You may not give a prisoner special treatment, if you punish someone doing an action, you must punish everyone else the same way if it occurred within the same time frame. (About 30 seconds.)
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay/Swap 2. CT Ban(4hr)

JAILBREAK EXPLANATIONS

Roles
Warden (CT): The warden issues orders and is in charge of the prison, they may kill any prisoner that does not follow the orders given. If the round begins with only one guard they are automatically the warden even if they do not claim it with !w.

Deputy (CT): The deputy is second in command. The warden may appoint them at any time to give the prisoners orders temporarily. For example, if the warden decides to chase a rebel then the deputy can continue giving orders until the warden decides to take over again. If the warden dies the deputy automatically becomes the new warden of the prison.

Guard (CT): Assist the warden/deputy in controlling the prison. Ensure prisoners are following orders, kill any prisoner not following them also known as a rebel. Issue a warning shot if a prisoner is delaying.

You may only become the warden/deputy if you have a working microphone unless you are the last guard alive or no other guards have a mic. Any guard who does not have a microphone may be swapped to the prisoner team.

Prisoner (T): Prisoners may either follow orders given by a warden for a chance at last request (!lr) or they may rebel against the guards and take over the prison.

Prisoner Guidelines
You are automatically KOS if you…
    Enter restricted areas. (Armory, Vents, Teleporters, Catwalks, guard Areas, and secrets. Unless specified otherwise by the Warden.)
    Are still AFK after a guard does an afk check.
    Point any gun at a guard.
    Charge a guard with a knife or damage them.
    Claim you do not know how to play a prison game when the game has already been explained to you.
    Kill or damage a non-baiting guard.
    Are a rebel unless the warden pardons you.

Invalid Order
    Giving an order without being the warden or having approval from the warden.
    It harms another guard.
    Prisoners have no chance of survival.
    Issuing an AFK freeze for anything other than a gun check.
    The order is intentionally misleading unless playing Simon says. For example, placing down a cyan marker and telling all prisoners to run to the blue marker is misleading.
    Restricting a prisoner from knifing.
    Trying to play a game not listed in the games section. Games not listed are considered opinionated and may only be played if the majority of prisoners agree to play the game.
    Forcing anyone to use any command unless it is !lr (Prisoner chooses the lr)

Freeze
    Cannot move at all. May move the mouse to look around.

AFK Freeze
    Cannot use mouse or keyboard at all for 20 seconds except voice and text chat. AFK freeze becomes a regular freeze after 20 seconds.

Action Once
    When the warden says for example, “Jump” you are to only jump once unless specified otherwise.

Warden Death
    Last order given is still in effect for 15 seconds upon the warden’s death.

Repeats
    When someone requests a repeat. The warden will only repeat once. Anyone who requests a repeat shortly after he already repeated the order in an attempt to troll can be killed/slayed.

Bomb Rush
    If a warden orders you to bomb rush an area, you must run to it, without delaying and freeze at the area specified.

One step
     If the order is to take one step out, you must move about one step out of your cell. You must be knifing distance of your cell door or the wall next to it, otherwise guards may kill you. Jumping out will likely get you killed as well.

Prisoner Designated Area(s)
    These are any areas that were meant for only prisoners or where the warden has ordered the prisoners to go. This includes: Prison cells, warden markers, and any other areas the warden has designated for the prisoners.

Warning Shots
     All warning shots must be given below the knees. The warden does not need to give warning  shots. You may be given a warning if you…
        Detour or delay.
        Do not actively participate in prison games.
        Block doorways.

Prison Games
    Opinionated Games: These are games that kill prisoners based on the guards opinion. Majority decides whether or not the warden can proceed with the opinionated game or not.
    Joke Day: Prisoners take turns telling jokes, each time the guards will vote whether they like it or not, when a prisoner's joke loses he dies.
    Singing/Dancing/Diving Contest: Like a joke day but each prisoner is chosen to sing, dance, dive or perform another talent.
    Shoot or Don’t Shoot: All prisoners line up on a line set by the warden, All prisoners must face away from the warden and freeze. The warden will then ask prisoners at random shoot or don’t shoot, while his crosshair is aimed at a prisoner. If the prisoner asked says shoot then the prisoner that he is aiming at will die, and if he says don’t shoot then the game goes on and the warden picks a new prisoner. Prisoners can only say don’t shoot 2 times in a row, then they must say shoot.
    Custom Games: All custom games are considered opinionated and must be voted on.
    Elimination Games: These games are mostly skill based, and are generally just used to thin the herd. Here are the most common ones:
    Simon Says:
    To begin playing Simon says, Simon must say "Simon says I am Simon, Simon says we are now playing Simon says."
    Prisoners must only do the order that Simon says until the next Simon Says order is given.
    Prisoner's must not do any actions that Simon did not issue.
    Warden CANNOT begin playing Simon says at the beginning of the round. Simon Says can only begin once prisoners are at a prisoner designated area.
    Do the Simon says order once then stop unless instructed otherwise by Simon.
    For example, if Simon says crouch you must un-crouch after 2-3 seconds.
    First Reaction Last Reaction: Warden will say first reaction or last reaction and then an action…
    First Reaction: First person to complete the action dies.
    Last Reaction: Last person to complete the action dies.
     Colors: All prisoners line up on a line set by the warden and take turns saying color names. The T's have 5 seconds to say a color that has not been said or they are KOS.
    Death Walk: All prisoners line up on a line set by the warden, All prisoners must look straight up with their flashlights turned on (Type /flashlight), Looking down is KOS. When the warden indicates to begin the prisoners will crouch walk backwards until they fall off of a ledge, or when they feel that they are at the edge they stop, stand up and freeze while still looking up.
    Red Light Green Light: All prisoners line up on a line set by the warden, there is a finish line further away from them. When the warden says green light all prisoners are then allowed to move forward, but once the warden says red light all prisoners must stop. If a prisoner doesn’t stop in time or they move on red light then the warden is allowed to kill the prisoner. The game goes on until the set amount of winners is reached.
    Odd Man Out: Can only be played if there are 3 prisoners remaining, the prisoners form a triangle (On positions set by the warden). The warden will tell the prisoners to face away from their teammates, and when the warden says turn around and look at one of their teammates. Whoever has 2 prisoners facing them is the odd man out and is KOS.
    Kill Random: The warden must bring all non rebelling prisoners into an area and use the !kr command to randomly kill prisoners until he has the desired number of players. If the player did not die by !kr then he survives that option does not kill it just randomly selects a player. This game may only be played with 4 or less prisoners alive.
    Boxing/Knife Fights: The warden will designate an area for the fight such as a boxing ring, warden marker, or other area. The warden will then enable friendly fire and begin a countdown to fight.
    Map Games: These are any of the games built into the map. For example: colors, jump rope, strafe jump, climb, etc. Games in this category may be played back to back as many times as the warden would like as long as you change games with the next round.

Event Days/Special Days
    Event Days: Once an event day starts, it does not end until the round is over, even if the warden says it’s over. You may not extend on event days. Many of the event days can be triggered by voting for them via the player menu (!menu) or the warden can declare a particular day such as a war day. Warden must wait 3 days (rounds) before doing the same event day.

     War Day: The goal is have the prisoners and guards fight to the death. Prisoners must be actively pursuing the guards at all times. This event day can be played 2 ways:
        Restricted war days:
            A room or area of the map is chosen, and all guards must go to this area of the map. They may not leave that area until the war day has reached the expansion phase. The expansion time is set by the warden.
            Guards are allowed to camp, prisoners must get weapons and pursue the guards. 
        Normal war days:
            The prisoners must be given 30 seconds, which starts when the cell doors open, to break into armory and get guns. During this 30 seconds the guards will try to run as far as they can, because when the 30 seconds is up prisoners and guards may start fighting. Both prisoners and guards cannot shoot anyone during this 30 second grace period.
            Guards are not allowed to camp.
 
     Freeday: These are days where the prisoners may do whatever they want without rebelling, if they rebel, then they may be killed. The last prisoner may have a last request if they wish, but cannot be forced to have an LR. It is automatically a freeday if:
          Cells open before orders are given.
          Warden does not give orders within the first minute of the round.
          Warden dies and no guard takes over within 15 seconds.
 
      Zombie Freeday:
          Zombies must walk and may only right click Knife a guard.
          Zombies can only climb objects/ladders to get to a guard.
          Guard may not kill a zombie that right click knifes them.
          Guard may not restrict areas.
 
     Panda Freeday:
          Pandas must crouch at all times.
          Pandas may climb ladders/objects.
          Guards may not restrict areas.
          Prisoners may only left click knife guards.
 
     Monkey Freeday:
          Monkeys must be bhopping at all times (constantly jumping).
          Monkeys may climb ladders/objects.
          Guards may not restrict areas.
          Monkeys are only allowed to right click guards.
          Guards can't kill prisoners in knifing distance.

Hide and Seek: The warden will declare the day and open cells. All prisoners are given a set amount of time to hide. Guards will stay within the armory during the hide period. Afterwards the guards will leave armory and search for the prisoners once they are found they will be killed. The last prisoner gets !lr. 

Misc
    The warden may choose to be strict, for example if the warden says “Shift walk into the red marker and freeze” and someone begins to bhop to the marker the warden may kill that player as the order was to Shift walk. Bhopping is not the same as shift walking. The warden does not have to specify don’t do this or that. Do what the warden says and nothing else and you will likely be able to !lr if you are the last prisoner.
    If the warden does not use the command /nolr on a specific day such as warday and a prisoner initiates lr that prisoner may get lr that day.

TTT RULES

1. RDM (Random Deathmatch)
    Killing or damaging a player without a valid reason. Rdming 3 or more players or consistently rdming is considered Mass RDM and will result in a ban.
    Punishment(s): 1. Slay(s) 2. Ban (Mass RDM)

2. False KOS
    Calling KOS on someone without a valid reason or without seeing them do anything Traitorous. 
    Calling KOS with only a partial name in order to create suspicion on another player. If you die mid kos that is fine.
    Calling KOS on any live player as a Traitor. Unless a KOS was already called on that living player. (NOTE:You can call a KOS on your t-buddy if he has already been KOSED but that does not mean you should in every case. This also means that only the first player to call the KOS would be proven if the KOSED player turned out to be a Traitor.)
    Calling a KOS based on Player Models. (You cannot say “KOS the banana” as more than one player can have that model.)
    Calling KOS on a certain area of the map or claiming an area. (You cannot say “KOS the bathroom or any other area of a map.”)
Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay(s) 2. Ban

3. T-Baiting
    Doing anything that is Traitorous as an Innocent or Detective in order to trick or purposely get a player to shoot or kill you.
    Verbal T-Bait is not allowed. Example: Claiming you are a Traitor when you are not is considered T-Baiting.
    Shooting in the direction of a player 
    Shooting while close to another player without valid reason (breaking a box to get it out of the way, breaking glass to enter a place, etc. Must shoot away from people.)
    Shooting into a wall which may have players on the other side.
    Example: Shooting Towards players, throwing a incendiary/molotov/hegrenade towards players.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay(s) 2. Ban

4. Karma Manipulation
    Doing anything intentionally that would cause someone to lose karma.
    Example: Someone throws a molotov and you purposely run into it in order to make them lose karma.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay(s) 2. Ban

5. Unreasonable Detective Order
    Any order a Detective gives that does not follow the parameters listed below will be considered unreasonable.
    Orders must be given through voice chat.
    Reasonable Orders:
    Request someone nearby to freeze so you can taze them and only if you will follow through with the taze.(You may pull out your tazer and follow someone but you cannot ask them to freeze unless you will end up tazing them.)
        Request someone to ID a body that they are near.
        Request someone near the Traitor Tester to be tested.
        Must give someone that is nearby 3 warnings and sufficient time between each warning before calling a KOS on them or killing them for failing to comply with a reasonable order.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay(s) 2.  Ban

6. Traitor Room Violation
    Entering a Traitor room as an Innocent/Detective. Do not follow a Traitor inside even if you think you can kill them.
    Opening it to let an Innocent/Detective inside.
     Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay(s) 2. Ban

7. Revealing/Killing T-Buddy
    Telling Detectives/Innocents who the Traitors are.
    Intentionally shooting at other traitors.
    Sussing a T-Buddy
    Tasing a t-buddy, including after a KOS has been called.
    Using a Traitor trap/any other item which can kill other T’s.
        Always check inside/near a trap for other t’s which are nearby.
        When using a C4, alert your t buddies with traitor chat (same button as team chat) and tell them its location.
     Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay(s) 2. Ban

8. Killing AFK Player(s)
    Innocent/Detective cannot kill an AFK player until overtime without valid reason (tasing and finding them as a t, etc.).
    Killing an AFK player is done at your own risk. In most cases you should let an admin move them to spec. (You may wind up losing karma)
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay(s) 2. Ban

9. Prop Violation
    Do not prop surf.
    Do not intentionally prop push, kill, or block other players unless you are a traitor.
    Randomly damaging players with barrels is considered prop kill.
    Example: Knocking somebody off of a ledge with a barrel.
    Punishment(s): 1. Warn + Slay(s) 2. Ban

10. False SUS
    Sussing for any invalid reason which does not connect the sussed person to a traitorous act.
    Punishment(s): 1.Warn + Mute/gag 15 min 2. Ban

TTT EXPLANATIONS

Description
    TTT is a Role playing game mode with 3 roles, Detective, Innocent, and Traitor. The point of the game is a full-on battle between the Detectives and Innocents vs Traitors. The Traitor(s), with the help of their Traitor Buddies (T-buddies) have to kill the Detectives first and then all Innocents. While the Detectives and Innocents have to figure out who the Traitors among them are and kill them.
    Note: 7 players = 1 Detective and 1 Detective = 2 Traitors. You may have more than one detective or traitor at a time.

Roles
    Innocent: Find the traitors among you and kill them.
    Detective: Assist the Innocents to figure out who the traitor(s) among the group are.
    Traitor: Kill all Innocents and Detectives without getting caught to win the round.

Traitorous Acts
    Shooting towards players (traitor baiting)
    Throwing an incendiary, molotov, or HE grenade towards players.
    Not identifying bodies which are in close proximity and could reasonably be acknowledged.
    Using any traitor weapon/item.
    Entering/Leaving a traitor only area (traitor rooms)
    Not following detective's orders
    Damaging health stations/traitor testers or moving health stations to where they cannot be used or retrieved
    Prop Pushing (Innos will be slayed for prop pushing)
    Damaging another player with an explosive prop.

    Look at the KOS section below to see what you can KOS someone for. When you see someone do a Traitorous act you should call SUS on them if you cannot KOS them for that.
    *If you see someone commit a traitorous act you must call KOS or kill them within 30 seconds, otherwise you may only sus them.

RDM
    RDM stands for Random Deathmatch. RDM is when you damage or kill any player while being an innocent or detective without a valid reason. If you kill someone in crossfire it is not RDM.
    Note: Admins will make the final decision on whether a given scenario is RDM or not. RDM will result in two round slays per RDM or 4 slays for revenge RDM. Mass RDM, which is rdming 3 or more players in a round, will result in a ban.

Karma
    Karma is a reputation system. If you kill someone who you aren’t supposed to, then you may lose karma. Everyone starts off at 90 karma,  you have a max of 100, and if you reach 50 or below, then you will automatically be banned for 1 week. Karma rewards and deductions are given for these actions:
        Killing a traitor as an innocent: +4 karma
        Killing an innocent as an innocent: -13 karma
        Killing a detective as an innocent: -15 karma
        Killing an innocent as a traitor: +1 karma
        Killing a traitor as a traitor: -10 karma
        Killing a detective as a traitor: +3 karma
        Killing an innocent as a detective: -7 karma
        Killing a detective as a detective: -15 karma
        Killing a traitor as a detective: +4 karma

KOS
    KOS stands for kill on sight, it is the act of damaging or killing someone as soon as you see them. If you call a KOS then you must be prepared and willing to kill that player otherwise it is a false KOS. If someone said, "KOS Hoodini!" then you can kill Hoodini if you see him. You do not need to call a KOS before killing a player, however it is encouraged to call a KOS so that others can be alerted in the event that you fail to kill the suspected Traitor. When you call a KOS you must explain why you are calling a KOS if you are not in danger or in direct contact with the suspected Traitor. Otherwise you must explain why the KOS was called afterwards. You should only KOS or Call a KOS on someone if you are certain they have done something below which warrants a KOS or have seen them do at least two Traitorous Acts. If you see a traitorous/kosable act you must call KOS or kill them within 30 seconds otherwise you may only sus them. You are never forced to kill a KOS player (unless you called the KOS) if you believe they are innocent as it may affect your karma, however be prepared to explain why.
When can you kill on sight?
    Someone called a KOS on them.
    They shot towards you or another player.
    They killed an innocent. (When you see someone kill another player, wait/ask them to ID the body first. They may have just killed a Traitor. If they don't ID the body they are likely a Traitor and you can kill them.)
    The detective has given a reasonable order and the player has failed to comply after 3 warnings. (The detective calling this order is the ONLY person who can call a kos)
    They are entering or leaving a Traitor only area (Traitor Rooms)
    They are using a Traitor weapon/ability. Example: C4, Hurt Station, Turret, One hit knife secret, flamethrower, Heavy, any other item found exclusively in T rooms, etc.
    They are standing next to and see someone who is shooting or kosed and they are not killing them.
    You have seen a player do a Traitorous Act. (In some cases when you are not in direct danger it may be better to SUS for a Traitorous act.)

SUS (Suspicion)
    SUS and HIGH SUS both mean the same thing. Suspicion is called when you see a player do something that is borderline traitorous or can reasonably connect them to a traitorous act, but you do not have enough proof to kill them or call a KOS. Suspicion does not mean KOS at 2:00 (overtime). Calling Suspicion without seeing a player do anything that would be considered traitorous behavior, just to kill them at 2:00 is considered RDM, even if that player ends up being a traitor. When you call sus it must be accompanied by a valid reason.
    Some reasons to sus someone may be:
        Being in a location where a traitorous act occurred
        Weapon used
        They are wearing cosmetics which were seen on someone committing traitorous acts
Live Checks
    When someone calls a "Live Check", if you are innocent you should respond. Otherwise you may be sus. You can only call live checks during overtime.

Logic
    Limited forms of logic are allowed in order to KOS a traitor or to “prove” an innocent. 
The only allowed forms of logic are:
        Elimination: Finding that all other players besides the traitors are proven. The player who calls the KOS must see with their own eyes or use the detective’s word in order to use this method. 
            Example: 4 players are alive, 1 detective, 2 innocents, and 1 traitor. The detective sees that one of the innocents went into the t-tester and tells the other players, this leads to the other innocent to be able to KOS the traitor as they are the only possible traitor.
        1 Entrance Room: If someone dies in a room with only 2 people inside and there is only one entrance/exit you may KOS the surviving player.
        Taser: Tasing an innocent or traitor will reveal their role in chat. 
        DNA Scanner: The detective finds the killer of someone which can either be used to kos someone for killing an innocent or prove someone for killing a traitor.
        Traitor Tester: Seeing someone being proven to be a certain role by a t-tester or detective says that someone went into the tester.
        Witnessing someone killing a traitor: If you see someone kill a traitor or if the detective says that someone killed a traitor you may use this information to use elimination to kill a T.
        Seeing someone take damage from a t item: If you see someone take damage from a T item they could be considered proven innocent as traitors would not take damage. This could include hurt station, poison smoke, etc. This does not include C4 as they can damage all players.

Overtime
    Overtime begins when there is less than 2 minutes remaining in the round. During overtime you may kill players for suspicion, only if you are positive that they are the Traitor. Remember, your karma is affected if you kill an innocent. In order to kill a player for suspicion you must be prepared to explain why you are suspicious of that player if asked. Explaining suspicion during the round will allow other players to decide whether or not they want to kill that player in overtime.

Misc
    Type /menu to purchase items from the Traitor Shop
    Taser does not kill players, it identifies them.
    If someone activates the jihad you may kill them only if you are sure they activated it.
    If someone is shooting through a wall you may shoot back, but only for 3 seconds after they stop shooting, besides walls which lead to t-rooms which should only contain traitors.
    Verbal t baiting, saying things like "I'm the traitor" is not kosable.
        Players may sus and kill you in overtime for verbal t bait.


How are punishments issued?

Bans
    1st Ban = 3 day(4320) | 2nd Ban = 1 week(10080) | 3rd Ban = 2 weeks(20160) | 4th Ban 1 Month (43200) | 5th Ban = Perma Ban

Warns
    If an admin determines a rule has been broken they will first check your previous warns. If you do not have a warning on record for that specific rule violation you will be punished according to number 1 of that rule. For example if you look at rule 9. Exploiting (Punishments(s): 1. Warn + Slay 2. Ban)  the first offence would be a Warning + Slay. If this rule is broken again in the future you will immediately be punished according to number 2 listed under punishments of that rule, in the case of rule #9 Exploiting this would mean you would receive a ban the next time you broke that rule.